Will remember the night of holding a walk
Bus stop
You and my wish can’t talk too much.
Start looking forward
Bored life
I have already realized that I can end
You know a mysterious power
Change the future
a new way of life
I don't know if the light is wrong.
You gave a dream
Unremembered the bitterness of life
Really want to tell you
Have a different item
You are arrogant
Walk through the storm
Really want to tell you
No one in my heart
Lay~
Unscented fate, ordinary world
Confused heart
Slightly resentment day after day
You are not willing
Open too much power in this world
There is a slight lack of mining
Love you is the only real value
Really willing
Willing to give up everything
Resting tears of joy
You gave a dream
Unremembered the bitterness of life
Really want to tell you
Have a different item
You are arrogant
Walk through the storm
Really want to tell you
No one in my heart
Lay~
How do you want to continue?
I don't know the shadow.
Just want to tease you
Hold your body and listen to you singing
Ye~
You gave a dream
Unremembered the bitterness of life
Really want to tell you
Have a different item
You are arrogant
Walk through the storm
Really want to tell you
In my heart~
You gave a dream
Unremembered the bitterness of life
Hey, really want to tell you
No one in my heart
Lah~